Fix: better description for steps 12&15 in registration form (#47058)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-forms-by-building-a-registration-form/60f803d5241e6a0433a523a1.md

# --description--

> As `label` elements are `inline` by default, all the labels appear on the same line and the text is all smushed together. To make them appear on separate lines, add `display: block` to the `label` element, and add a `margin` of `0.5rem 0`, to separate them from each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `label` elements are inline by default, they are all displayed side by side on the same line, making their text hard to read. To make them appear on separate lines, add `display: block` to the `label` element, and add a `margin` of `0.5rem 0`, to separate them from each other.
```
